Q.recent projects

Q.which architecture in project?   and why?

Q.string v/s stringbuffer?
-->
String:
Immutable: Once created, its value can't be changed. Any modification (like concatenation) creates a new String object.
Performance: Slower for repeated modifications because each change creates a new object.
Thread-Safety: Safe to use across threads, but not because it's designed for concurrency, just due to its immutability.

StringBuffer:
Mutable: Can be modified without creating new objects. Methods like append() or insert() change the original object.
Performance: More efficient for repeated modifications since it doesn't create new objects.
Thread-Safety: Synchronized, meaning it's safe to use in multi-threaded environments without additional synchronization.

Q. diff. ways of creating objects  ?  
-->
1)Using Class newInstance() Method
Description: You can use the newInstance() method from Class class, which calls the default (no-argument) constructor.
Example:
java
Copy code
MyClass obj = MyClass.class.newInstance();
Use Case: This method is less common and is typically used in reflection. It's important to note that newInstance() is deprecated in Java 9+ in favor of Constructor.newInstance().

2)new keyword.
3)clone method
4)factory design pattern

Q.Q. changes in hashmap?
--->
In Java 8, HashMap introduced a significant change to handle hash collisions more efficiently. When a bucket’s size exceeds a threshold (default 8), 
instead of using a linked list, the bucket is transformed into a balanced binary tree (a Red-Black tree).
Benefit: This change improves the worst-case time complexity of operations like get() and put() from O(n) to O(log n) when many keys collide.

Q.recent projects

Q.which architecture in project?  and why?

Q.string v/s stringbuffer?  mutable, performance(modifications slower/faster) ,both thread safe

Q.diff. ways of creating objects  ?  new,clone, design pattern(factory)

Q.can we use private constructor?

Q. starter dependency?

Q. how do u connect database to springboot application?

Q. changes in hashmap?

Q.why default method introduced in java8?

Q. why optional is introudced in java8?

Q. latest version of springboot?

Q.design patterns in java?

Q.What is the purpose of the final, finally, and finalize keywords in Java?

Q.diff between arraylist vs linkedlist?

Q.Describe the difference between a Checked and Unchecked exception?

Q.transient keyword?
